{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When I compare the Vue.js version to the Vanilla JavaScript version, I notice several key differences. In Vue, the data and the UI are automatically connected, so when the data changes, the UI updates without any extra work from me. For example, Vue uses v-model to link the input fields directly to the data, and v-for to loop through the student list, which makes the code simpler. In Vanilla JavaScript, I have to manually update the DOM every time a change happens, like when adding a new student or updating the count, which adds more complexity. Furthermore, Vue allows me to define components and reactivity, making the code more modular and easier to maintain, while Vanilla JS relies heavily on traditional event listeners and manually managing state. \
I personally prefer the Vue.js version because it makes things so much easier and faster to build. With Vue, I don't have to worry about manually managing events and updating the DOM. It automatically keeps everything in sync, which saves me time and reduces the chances of errors. While the Vanilla JS version works fine for small projects, Vue gives me more flexibility. I find it more efficient and enjoyable to use, especially when handling dynamic data and user interactions. It just feels like a more polished and user-friendly way to work.}